in the town of greendale there lived a
girl who is half witch half mortal
who on her 16th birthday would have to
choose between two worlds
the witch world of her family and the
human world of her friends
sabrina miss wardwell hi see in class
guys
i see
[Applause]
is one of your students named sabrina
but i knew her bastard of a father who
broke sacred witch law when he married a
mortal sound
[Music]
great work begins
i shall deliver sabrina and what if i
put it out there that i'm looking for
familiar
and see if anyone wants to volunteer
i've been under house arrest with our
aunties for the last 75 years sabrina
forbidden from leaving these grounds
prudence dorcas agatha
we don't want half breeds at the academy
half witch
half mortal show yourself
i heard
such a pretty yeti what's your name
this is faustus blackwood
his high priest of the church of night
if i sign my name in the book of the
beast
does that mean i'm giving the dark lord
dominion over my soul
the pledge let's say did you take your
baptism
come to the academy of unseen arts
we are gathered here together in these
woods in the presence of our dark lord
do you believe in lucifer the archangel
who preferred the loss of heaven to that
of his pride
yes are you willing to place our dark
lord above all others in your life
be it your loved ones your family your
friends yeah
in signing his book the book of the
beast you swear to give your mind
body and soul unreservedly to the
furtherance of the designs of our lord
[Music]
satan
while the blood moon still shines you
must sign the book of the beast
my name is sabrina spellman
and i will not sign it away
thank you worthy
of your love you shall have the girl
you will be judged and tried in front of
the entire
coven i don't want to be a part of his
coven i don't want to step
foot in the academy of unseen arts and i
am certainly
not going to stand trial and not only
you hilda and i as well
we have been stripped of our powers
which means that we will age and
rot have you ever heard of a man named
daniel webster
i don't think so he's a lawyer and a
cultist that specializes in which lawyer
spell man
she pleads not guilty
signed her name in the book of the beast
promising her soul to the dark lord why
would he do that to me permission to
marry your mother
the dark lord granted it in exchange for
for me
his daughter my name's ambrose by the
way
luke myopic atrophy
the ugliest thickest glasses in the
world aren't going to stop me from going
totally blind
yes it reads um sabrina spellman i offer
in evidence
a baptismal certificate what we have is
a
binding contract witnessed by her mother
shall retain her mortal life on the
condition that she also attend
the academy of unseen arts i accept
delivered on my promise to get her into
the academy
i'll bend it to my will or break hilda
that you've been
excommunicated from the church of night
what sabrina spellman my wife lady
blackwood
i've heard a lot about you sabrina i'm
nicholas scratch
nick scratch mind if i join you your
father's as well
i'm uh reading his journals right now
you are
it's my uncle he's
really sick he rings the bell and he
needs something
it's an acheron configuration if i'm not
mistaken solve it
and you can join conjuring class a
particular configuration was your
father's thesis
he designed and built it lady blackwood
has miscarried twice before
sister sperman would you be a midwife
to one of your dad's journals maybe
it'll help with the acronym
configuration but even if it doesn't
you should get to know your father
so
this demon our house is sealed with an
incantation we and only we know
is that you who do not harm a hair
on that child somebody please help me
out
sabrina she's a sleep demon she
manipulates her victims in their dreams
i'm gonna wake you up now
the oldest simplest magic works best
i just had the most vivid dream yes so
did i
not as intricate as an acharon
configuration but a
jam jar will do just as well about who
and what you are a witch
yes so this time it was edward that
asked me to look after you
i was his accolade um i mean what i
i lack any experience i do make up for
in enthusiasm
carrying a child of night to term should
be the most joyous 13 months in a
witch's life
i agree jesse might not be possessed but
he definitely looks like he's possessed
i call on hecate an artemis on luna
to expel this demons
congratulations father blackwood
constance is expecting twins
jesse pass it sometime
during the night
too much for you it's a message from the
council sabrina
it means our family's been selected to
participate in this year's feast of
feasts
it's meant to honor the single greatest
sacrifice a witch ever made to save her
coven
freya slit her own throat and offered up
her body so that the coven would have
sustenance through the cold months into
the spring the cunning
tells me what i need to know what is
that
a sixth sense in your bones that helps
us to see
things let the dark lord's will
be revealed i'll draw i'll draw for the
spelman family
prudence is queen once a hunter always a
hunter harvey's not
a hunter he is a witch hunter his family
are with hunters he told you himself
the other witches in greendale they
cursed us
walker women with blindness prudence is
our queen
no she's not my queen she's a bastard
and what spell did you cast
i enchanted the ballot box to favor
prudence's queen
because she and her [ __ ] sisters are
your seed aunt held us truth cake
are you my father then i am
and my mother dead prudence knight
cannot fulfill her duty as queen of the
feast
and
but there are five guys still in there
sabrina tommy's one of them
i didn't find anyone i just found this
he called off the search who did my
[ __ ] father he said
he couldn't risk the loss of any more
lives we were gathered here today
to say goodbye to my brother
kinkel loss as soon as lucas
spoke to me about you i looked into your
dossier
and you shall have your freedom agatha
will pay the debt she owes
motor and resurrection spreener lady
blackwood has
denied herself to me
a life for a life thy will
might
come work for me at the academy of
unseen art he's back
my brother's back i have a gift for you
a token of brotherhood i'm familiar of
your own welcome home
tommy's in limbo it's where the souls of
unbaptized babies go when they perish
so i don't lose track of you i'm talking
to three times when you're heading back
tommy mom what are you doing here
so he took my baby after the bat the
soul eater
don't let him get you save yourself
i've got tommy
from what we just saw it seems the soul
eater's gotten it like
is sabrina evil or dangerous
i'm a witch harvey formed
a resurrection spell i don't want you to
be the person that that's
any part of tom i'm sorry i'm so sorry
you you have to go
[Music]
we need to ask you a witch are you a
witch
i wanted to tell you so many
times i call out to the greendale 13
to the witches hunted by mortals
you may walk the earth again
to claim your revenge it is not a dark
lord's wrath that has come for us it is
the gringo that scene are you talking
about
the red angel of death aussie be inside
the academy by midnight
or face the 13th he said that in the
event of a tornado or severe weather
that the town's designated shelter was
baxter high basement it's working
isn't it the protection spell insult yes
as long as we fall remain focused it
just
might lady blackwood is one under labor
power you'll need to save greendale will
require you to sign my name
strong and fine lady blackwood sister
spelman
lady blackwood's pleading too much i
sabrina spellman
call forth fire from the pit
angel simply vanished
lady blackwood was too weak to bring
your baby into the world
baby the dominant one
consumed the other hail judas
hail judas hail satan i lied to father
blackwood i said he had only one child
she's a girl
born before her brother and the high
priest
i feared what it would have done to her
i love you too much to risk
anything bad happening to you once i
finish grooming sabrina to take my place
of satan's food soldier
i'll earn a crown and a throne by his
side
i'm the future queen of hell
you